add lightwave (#2915)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/light/lightwaverf.rst

LightWaveRF Switch
==================

.. seo::
    :description: LightWaveRF Switch Lights
    :image: brightness-medium.svg

The ``LightWaveRF`` light platform creates a module to dump and send commands to light switches

> :ref:`float output component <output>`.

Reviewer: You're referring to an output component here but I don't see that anywhere in the configuration. Is this a copy/paste error?

.. figure:: images/lightwaverf.jpg
    :align: center
    :width: 40.0%

> LightwaveRF switches are very common in UK automation which allows to control light/socket/relay and more via RF remote
> or via the HUB.
> Using cheap RF receiver and transmitter you can implemented a simple implementation to control your devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LightwaveRF switches are very common in UK automation. They allow control of lights, sockets, relays and more via RF remote
 or via a hub.
Using an inexpensive RF transmitter and receiver you can control your devices via ESPHome.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    # Example configuration entry

    # Specify the two pins to connect the receiver and transmitter
    lightwaverf:
      read_pin: 13
      write_pin: 14

    # Create a switch to trigger a light
    switch:
      - platform: template
        name: "Turn off sofa"
        id: light_off_ceiling_sofa
        turn_on_action:
          lightwaverf.send_raw:
            code:  [0x04, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x0f, 0x03, 0x0d, 0x09, 0x08, 0x08]
            name: "Sofa"
            repeat: 1

> Configuration variables module:
> -------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration variables:
------------------------
```

> - **read_pin** (**Required**, int): Internal Pin that the receiver is connected to
> - **write_pin** (**Required**, string): Internal Pin that the transmitter is connected to

Reviewer: These are not `int` or `string` parameters. They refer to pin schemas.

```suggestion
- **read_pin** (**Required**, :ref:`Pin Schema <config-pin_schema>`): The pin that the receiver is connected to
- **write_pin** (**Required**, :ref:`Pin Schema <config-pin_schema>`): the pin that the transmitter is connected to
```

Configuration variables:
------------------------

- **name** (*Optional*, string): The name to give for the action

> - **id** (**Required**, :ref:`config-id`): The id of the switch to call via HA

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this section is for...can probably delete it

.. lightwaverf.send_raw:

``lightwaverf.send_raw`` Action
--------------------------------

Send the raw data that has been captured via the dump system

.. code-block:: yaml

    on_...:
      then:
        - lightwaverf.send_raw:
            code:  [0x04, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x0f, 0x03, 0x0d, 0x09, 0x08, 0x08]
            name: "Sofa"
            repeat: 1

Configuration variables:
------------------------

- **name** (*Optional*, string): The name to give for the action
- **id** (**Required**, :ref:`config-id`): The id of the switch to call via HA
- **code** (**Required**, list hex): The raw dump in an array of hex
- **repeat** (*Optional*, int): The amount of repeats to send the signal

> - **invert** (*Optional*, int): Send the signal inverted

Reviewer: So it matches what you have in the schema 😉

```suggestion
- **inverted** (*Optional*, boolean): Send the signal inverted
```

    lightwaverf:
      read_pin: 13
      write_pin: 14

    # Create a switch to trigger a light
    switch:
      - platform: template
        name: "Turn off sofa"
        id: light_off_ceiling_sofa
        turn_on_action:
          lightwaverf.send_raw:
            code:  [0x04, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x0f, 0x03, 0x0d, 0x09, 0x08, 0x08]
            name: "Sofa"
            repeat: 1

Configuration variables:
------------------------

- **read_pin** (**Required**, :ref:`Pin Schema <config-pin_schema>`): The pin that the receiver is connected to
- **write_pin** (**Required**, :ref:`Pin Schema <config-pin_schema>`): the pin that the transmitter is connected to

.. lightwaverf.send_raw:

``lightwaverf.send_raw`` Action
--------------------------------

Send the raw data that has been captured via the dump system

.. code-block:: yaml

    on_...:
      then:
        - lightwaverf.send_raw:
            code:  [0x04, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x0f, 0x03, 0x0d, 0x09, 0x08, 0x08]
            name: "Sofa"
            repeat: 1

Configuration variables:
------------------------

- **name** (*Optional*, string): The name to give for the action

> - **id** (**Required**, :ref:`config-id`): The id of the switch to call via HA

Reviewer 2: Copy pasted from somewhere?
```suggestion
```

- **code** (**Required**, list hex): The raw dump in an array of hex
- **repeat** (*Optional*, int): The amount of repeats to send the signal
- **inverted** (*Optional*, boolean): Send the signal inverted

> Compatible sensors
> ------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compatible Hardware
-------------------
```

> These are the sensors which are been confirmed to work with the current code base, if you use different onces and they work, please report them to the team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RF transmitters/receivers listed below have been confirmed to work with the current code base. If you discover others that work, please let us know!
```

        name: "Turn off sofa"
        id: light_off_ceiling_sofa
        turn_on_action:
          lightwaverf.send_raw:
            code:  [0x04, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x0f, 0x03, 0x0d, 0x09, 0x08, 0x08]
            name: "Sofa"
            repeat: 1

Note: To gather the RAW codes from the remote, setup the ``read_pin`` and observe in the logs the printing of the codes.

Configuration variables:
------------------------

- **read_pin** (**Required**, :ref:`Pin Schema <config-pin_schema>`): The pin that the receiver is connected to
- **write_pin** (**Required**, :ref:`Pin Schema <config-pin_schema>`): the pin that the transmitter is connected to

.. lightwaverf.send_raw:

``lightwaverf.send_raw`` Action
--------------------------------

Send the raw data that has been captured via the dump system

.. code-block:: yaml

    on_...:
      then:
        - lightwaverf.send_raw:
            code:  [0x04, 0x00, 0x00, 0x00, 0x0f, 0x03, 0x0d, 0x09, 0x08, 0x08]
            name: "Sofa"
            repeat: 1

Configuration variables:
------------------------

- **name** (*Optional*, string): The name to give for the action
- **code** (**Required**, list hex): The raw dump in an array of hex

> - **repeat** (*Optional*, int): The amount of repeats to send the signal

Reviewer: This reads strangely. How about this?
```suggestion
- **repeat** (*Optional*, int): The number of times the message will be repeated
```

- **inverted** (*Optional*, boolean): Send the signal inverted

Compatible Hardware
-------------------

The RF transmitters/receivers listed below have been confirmed to work with the current code base. If you discover others that work, please let us know!

Compatible transmitter:

- MX-FS-03V

Compatible receiver:

- RXB6

See Also
--------

- :doc:`/components/light/index`

> - :doc:`/components/output/esp8266_pwm`

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is really relevant to this component...
```suggestion
```
